FOLDERS
-------------------
ego_answers
Files used by the EgoGrader to test whether the answers produced by the
user's code are correct. Do not modify these files.

scc
Files used by the SCCGrader to test the user's implementation of the 
strongly connected components method.  Do not modify these files.

scc_answers
Files used by the SCCGrader to test whether the answers produced by 
the user's code are correct.  Do not modify these files.

FILES
-------------------
NOTE: Some of these files are used by our graders so please do not modify 
them if you would like to use the user-side graders to test your code.  
You are welcome to make copies of them and modify them.

facebook_ucsd.txt
This graph contains Facebook friendships between students at UCSD in 2005. 
This data was originally stored in a Matlab sparse matrix; however, this was 
processed using Python to create a more suitable format for reading with Java.
The edges in this file are directed; however, each edge also appears in reverse
order, making the final result undirected.
Source: https://archive.org/details/oxford-2005-facebook-matrix
Citation: Facebook data scrape related to paper "The Social Structure of Facebook 
Networks", by Amanda L. Traud, Peter J. Mucha, Mason A. Porter.

facebook_1000.txt
facebook_2000.txt
These are smaller versions of facebook_ucsd.txt that only contain the first
1000 or 2000 vertices. Note that facebook_1000.txt is fully connected while
facebook_2000.txt is not. If you have an algorithm with a large runtime, it
may be helpful to use these files instead of a larger one.

twitter_combined.txt
This graph consists of directed edges linking Twitter followers to the users
they follow. It is part of Stanford's Snap network database.
Source: https://snap.stanford.edu/data/egonets-Twitter.html

twitter_higgs.txt
This graph consists of people who retweeted the messages of other people
at the time of the discovery of the Higgs boson. It is also part of the Snap
database.
Source: http://snap.stanford.edu/data/higgs-twitter.html


In all of the files, each line represents an edge from the vertex with the 
first number to the vertex to the second. You do not need to use these files 
in your project - feel free to use any data you think may be appropriate.
